feat: #61: Change cookie naming to use a prefix. (#80)
sevensolutions/traefik-oidc-auth: website/docs/getting-started/middleware-configuration.md

| PostLoginRedirectUri | no | `string` | *none* | An optional static redirect url where the user should be redirected after login. By default the user will be redirected to the url which triggered the login-flow. |
| LogoutUri | no | `string` | `/logout` | The url which should trigger a logout-flow. |
| PostLogoutRedirectUri | no | `string` | `/` | The url where the user should be redirected after logout. |

> | CookieNamePrefix | no | `string` | `TraefikOidcAuth` | Specifies the prefix for all cookie names. The final names are concatenated using dot-notation. Eg. `TraefikOidcAuth.Session`, `TraefikOidcAuth.CodeVerifier` etc. Please note that this prefix does not apply to *AuthorizationCookieConfig* where the name can be set individually. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CookieNamePrefix | no | `string` | `TraefikOidcAuth` | Specifies the prefix for all cookies used internally by the plugin. The final names are concatenated using dot-notation. Eg. `TraefikOidcAuth.Session`, `TraefikOidcAuth.CodeVerifier` etc. Please note that this prefix does not apply to *AuthorizationCookieConfig* where the name can be set individually. |
```
